Team name: heavy weather
Application name: Allendar

Team Overview:
Duc Nguyen - CodeArtificial

Application Idea (brief paragraph or two describing your application and the data it works with):
Allendar is a calendar web app that allows you to plan and organize your day. The task that you plan comes in a shape of a task block, you can drag the task block onto the desired day to see how much it takes space. This procedure is called block scheduling. In a task block, there will be sections of: notes, subtasks, reminders, priority ratings, tags, durations, etc. There will also be a journal section for users to "rate" their day. The calendar will comes in different view, for example, kanban board, day, month, and year view.  

Functionality (brief paragraph or two explaining the functionality provided by your application, how it is used, and how it interacts with the data it maintains):
A task is created as a block, where there will be multiple fields where the users can enter. Clicking the "+" icon will open a dropdown menu with a few option and one of them is the "create tasks". Upon clicking "create a task", a panel with multiple fields will open. These fields are details that comes with the task: notes, subtasks, priority ratings, etc. When the users are satisfied with the contents they entered, the task will be minimize as a block and appeared in a list panel on the left side of the website. This left side is a "staging" panel". Similar to staging commits to github, this staging panel is a placeholder for all the tasks that have yet to be placed on the "calendar" panel. The calendar panel is at the center of the website and comes in different view mode: kanban, daily, monthly, and yearly view. The user can drag these tasks blocks from the staging panel and onto the calendar panel to plan and organize their schedules. These task blocks can be move to any time-slots on the calendar panel. The same process of block creation and placement on the calendar can be repeated for many blocks. When the user want to see the description of the block again, they can clicked on the block and a "block panel" will be opened to see the full details of the task. This will be the implementation of block scheduling. Another option after clicking the "+" icon is to "rate the day". The rate a day panel will allow the user to rate their day in the selected day. There will be a rating fields where the users can rate their day and also a journaling section. Upon finished, the panel will be minimized and attached to that day. The user can revisit their journal by clicking on a book icon attached to that date. 

